Have you been tired of hearing the news (Lokn Paul) this wonderful I am also (Khlani hate my life not much)
But before we move on to the drama that will inevitably occur and overlook anything that has happened
There are a few things to consider
But you said bad words and therefore you are not allowed to criticize him
Damn .. I forgot .. Fuck .. Damn .. God damn I kept forgetting I said bad words
Oh well .. Haha
You have to give the paul some support you know .. they have a good game ball play .. you know someone doing something ..
You are not expected to completely overlook the .. how bad the other person was and then only back and forth
You can also say that (John Paul) in deep pain after this incident is suffering in a huge and clearly follow him stood in front of him and said, "No,
I have exceeded the line
And many people have noticed that the video "Forest of Suicide" is a mistake and everyone makes mistakes you make mistakes O (Felix)
This is a fact
I'm doing it, I'm guilty. Oh, but people were also watching clips (old) and they noticed a repetitive pattern
If you know, you guys, I'm a little patient and somewhat vocal .. Oh, O Lord, see these tomatoes
Have you just thrown tomatoes? on the wall ? This is fun!
I offer you guys more exciting fun, incredible content
Please throw other tomatoes on the wall because it was fun
* Loren and his friend Yasslan *
We are beginning to fall ill .. and now we will sell masking masks. * Link to the store * Get your mask now and stop the "bubonic plague" from spreading in your city
Waiter: These are just here for the show's sake: Oh well okay this is my fault
Biodes: Hey, how old are you? So when he was in Japan (for John Paul) he clearly knew about the Japanese culture and was truly respected above all else
I should be careful not to respect their culture here in Japan. Everything depends on "respect"
Photographer: It's actually the truth for Jen: I know it's the truth so I have to lower my talking levels down
* Laughing *
I did not adjust that to make it look bad .. He who did this hehehe does not have to do anything Oh man
Here is where the coins are in the well and wish the security becomes a reality Photographer: What do you wish? I wish health and happiness and prostitutes from hell .. Come on
I know when you are in a church, a mosque or a Buddhist temple, there is a sincerity you should always keep under the first degree.
I'm not a clergyman or anything like that until then you're learning .. You should show some respect and you're at a Buddhist temple just throwing money like "does not matter" that's too stupid
Luo: What does he do? Policeman: No ..
Some authorities were not happy with them and they represented this way and their mentor was the only one who apologized for being the person who should come forward like "I'm sorry for that person"
* Japanese words *
- What did you do? I was fantastic for four seconds .. = I was just cleaning myself with water and it was like "oh oh"
Policeman: I am sorry photography .. Photography .. I said: Ooh oh film .. The star .. I will see you soon, you guys ..
Because you are in a Buddhist temple .. He may be a tourist attraction and there are many people and as a person very loving to Japan and love to visit there I always be warned when I was there
I do not want to be that person (like Paul) and his friend .. I do not want to be .. he is not attractive
He is not the person you want to be
You know how things are going on in Japan. Everything about respect. We will respect some. I know it 's new. We have to do something.
Literally following the next shot.
* For coughing cough *
He is not sick
- He is not sick = I am not sick
I understand that he is sick and this is a problem but that they are in damned Japan, he shouted. In Japan, it is dangerous for germs to spread that they are wearing sick masks not to protect themselves from infected people.